README.md, before:

# cleanlab-tools
Miscellaneous code made available for purposes of education, reproducibility, and transparency

|   | Example                                                                                | Description                                                                                                                               |
|---|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1 | [few_shot_prompt_selection](few_shot_prompt_selection/few_shot_prompt_selection.ipynb) | Notebook showing how to clean few-shot examples pool to improve prompt template for OpenAI LLM.                                           |
| 2 | [generate_llm_response](generate_llm_response/generate_llm_response.ipynb)             | Notebook showing how to generate LLM responses for customer service requests using Llama 2 and OpenAI's API.                              |
| 3 | [fine_tuning_data_curation](fine_tuning_data_curation/fine_tuning_data_curation.ipynb) | Notebook showing how to use Cleanlab TLM and Cleanlab Studio to detect bad data in instruction tuning LLM datasets.                       |
| 4 | [gpt4-rag-logprobs](gpt4-rag-logprobs/gpt4-rag-logprobs.ipynb) | Notebook showing how to obtain logprobs from a GPT-4 based RAG system.|
| 5 | [fine_tuning_mistral_beavertails](fine_tuning_mistral_beavertails/beavertails.ipynb) | Analyze human annotated AI-safety-related labels (like toxicity) using Cleanlab Studio, and thus generate safer responses from LLMs.|
| 6 | [Evaluating_Toxicity_Datasets_Large_Language_Models](jigsaw_ai_safety_keras/Evaluating_Toxicity_Datasets_Large_Language_Models.ipynb) | Notebook on analyzing toxicity annotations in the Jigsaw dataset using Cleanlab Studio.|
| 7 | [time_series_automl](time_series_automl/cleanlab_time_series_automl.ipynb) | Notebook showing how to model time series data in a tabular format and use AutoML with Cleanlab Studio to improve out-of-sample accuracy. |
| 8 | [fine_tuning_classification](fine_tuning_classification/fine_tuning_LLM_with_noisy_labels.ipynb) | Notebook showing how to use Cleanlab Studio to improve the accuracy of fine-tuned LLMs for classification tasks.

Commit message:

Added significant changes to the RAG workflow. Have working code now for the index upsert/deletion on chunks and how to use Cleanlab Studio and then update the index. Also working TLM examples and added more markdown to explain workflow. Also updated README

README.md, after:

# cleanlab-tools
Miscellaneous code made available for purposes of education, reproducibility, and transparency

|   | Example                                                                                | Description                                                                                                                               |
|---|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1 | [few_shot_prompt_selection](few_shot_prompt_selection/few_shot_prompt_selection.ipynb) | Notebook showing how to clean few-shot examples pool to improve prompt template for OpenAI LLM.                                           |
| 2 | [generate_llm_response](generate_llm_response/generate_llm_response.ipynb)             | Notebook showing how to generate LLM responses for customer service requests using Llama 2 and OpenAI's API.                              |
| 3 | [fine_tuning_data_curation](fine_tuning_data_curation/fine_tuning_data_curation.ipynb) | Notebook showing how to use Cleanlab TLM and Cleanlab Studio to detect bad data in instruction tuning LLM datasets.                       |
| 4 | [gpt4-rag-logprobs](gpt4-rag-logprobs/gpt4-rag-logprobs.ipynb) | Notebook showing how to obtain logprobs from a GPT-4 based RAG system.|
| 5 | [fine_tuning_mistral_beavertails](fine_tuning_mistral_beavertails/beavertails.ipynb) | Analyze human annotated AI-safety-related labels (like toxicity) using Cleanlab Studio, and thus generate safer responses from LLMs.|
| 6 | [Evaluating_Toxicity_Datasets_Large_Language_Models](jigsaw_ai_safety_keras/Evaluating_Toxicity_Datasets_Large_Language_Models.ipynb) | Notebook on analyzing toxicity annotations in the Jigsaw dataset using Cleanlab Studio.|
| 7 | [time_series_automl](time_series_automl/cleanlab_time_series_automl.ipynb) | Notebook showing how to model time series data in a tabular format and use AutoML with Cleanlab Studio to improve out-of-sample accuracy. |
| 8 | [fine_tuning_classification](fine_tuning_classification/fine_tuning_LLM_with_noisy_labels.ipynb) | Notebook showing how to use Cleanlab Studio to improve the accuracy of fine-tuned LLMs for classification tasks. |
| 9 | [Cleanlab Pinecone RAG Workflow](cleanlab_pinecone_rag_workflow/Cleanlab_Pinecone_RAG.ipynb) | Notebook showing how to use Pinecone + Cleanlab Studio & TLM to build an accurate, reliable, and trustworthy RAG System. |
